Portkey AI Integration with Groq (#52)
groq/groq-api-cookbook: tutorials/Portkey-with-Groq/Readme.md

```

### 2. Initialize Portkey with a Virtual Key

To use Groq with Portkey, you'll need two keys:

1. **Portkey API Key**: Sign up at [app.portkey.ai](https://app.portkey.ai/signup) and copy your [API key](https://app.portkey.ai/api-keys).
2. **Groq API Key**: Obtain from [Groq's console](https://console.groq.com/keys).

Create a `Virtual Key` in Portkey to securely store your Groq API key:

1. Navigate to the Virtual Keys tab in Portkey, and create a new key for Groq
2. Use the Virtual Key in your code:

```python
from portkey_ai import Portkey

portkey = Portkey(
    api_key="YOUR_PORTKEY_API_KEY",
    virtual_key="YOUR_GROQ_VIRTUAL_KEY"
)
```

> You can also make API calls without using virtual key, learn more [here](https://github.com/portkey-ai/gateway)
### 4. Make API Calls

Now you can make calls to Groq's models through Portkey:

```python
completion = portkey.chat.completions.create(
    messages=[{"role": "user", "content": "Say this is a test"}],
    model="llama-3.1-8b-instant"
)

print(completion)
```

### Observability

Portkey automatically logs all requests, making debugging and monitoring simple. View detailed logs and traces in the Portkey dashboard.

> ![observaibility dashbaord](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/siddharthsambharia-portkey/Portkey-Product-Images/refs/heads/main/Portkey-Dashboard.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![observability dashboard](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/siddharthsambharia-portkey/Portkey-Product-Images/refs/heads/main/Portkey-Dashboard.png)
```

![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/siddharthsambharia-portkey/Portkey-Product-Images/refs/heads/main/Portkey-Traces.png)

### Using 250+ Models

> One of Portkey's strengths is the ability to easily switch between different LLM providers. To use OpenAI instead of Groq, simply change the virtual key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of Portkey's strengths is the ability to easily switch between different LLM providers. To do so, simply change the virtual key.
```

```python
portkey = Portkey(
    api_key="YOUR_PORTKEY_API_KEY",

>     virtual_key="YOUR_OPENAI_VIRTUAL_KEY",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    virtual_key="VIRTUAL_KEY",
```

)
```

> ### Add Custom-data to your requests

Reviewer: Could you please add a 1-2 sentence explanation here?
